It's 9:00 a.m. in Shanghai, Shenzhen,
and here in Hong Kong, you're watching
the China Show. I'm Annabelle Droolers
with David and Glaz.
>> Good morning. We're counting down to the
open of markets in greater China. Let's
get to your top stories this Monday
morning. Stocks across the Asia Pacific
are gaining after a volatile week on
well, optimism about potential Fed rate
cuts in December and reports that the US
will allow Nvidia to sell AI chips to
China. Japan hits back at China as
tensions spiral over Prime Minister
Takayichi's comments about Taiwan. Tokyo
says it will deploy missiles to a
military base near the island.
>> Plus, we're digging into Lenovo's latest
results with its CFO joining us in a
couple of minutes here after the firm's
revenue beating streets estimates here
in a sign that strong AA demand is
behind it.
Good Monday morning to all of you. Thank
you for joining us. Lots to get through
as we are well going obviously since
going into a fresh uh trading week.
We're coming off the worst week for risk
assets and the proxy I use there is Msei
all country uh including Bitcoin also
obviously going into that worst week
since about August, right? So, Bitcoin
had a bit of a crazy weekend. We were
down to about 81,000. Uh, and then going
into today, as you can see, we're up now
to about 86. And I think that just
underscores really the uh what a
terrible week we've we've come from as
far as risk assets go. Uh there's a
conversation to be had around comments
coming out Chris Waller and the Fed and
now December being priced as a base
case. uh on we look at swaps for example
about 62 6 2/3 let's call it that uh
going into uh the pricing flip the page
please going into the December meeting
of course now all that is to say that we
are getting slightly off the edge as far
as the AI bubble conversation's
concerned and you know also helping
obviously is perhaps the Fed put which
is as you can see playing out across
risk assets Taiwan is coming online
we're better by about 1% it doesn't
perhaps it does help that we down over
3% on Friday. Uh just keep in mind Japan
is shut. So no no cash treasuries today.
You are getting of course a proxy as far
as futures go. Call it flat right now on
Nicke futures going into the open today.
Um so we'll talk about Lenovo couple of
moving averages to watch. You know we
took out several in fact to the
downside. Uh there's also some also have
been some changes to the index right
December 8th is the effective date. Some
big names in big names coming out. Uh
and just to mention too so we have a
bond auction today. Today I think we
have about 97 billion remmbb on
three-year bonds being auctioned on
Monday. Dollar China 710 and a level to
watch coming up on your screens on the
Hansen tech. We were on bare market
watch in Friday. We did not get to that
level. Obviously the 3% drop puts us
very close to this level. We're about 1%
there away from 5346. But looking at the
early pricing, it looks like we'll go
the opposite way of things and we'll
see. Of course, it looks like we are
poised for some gains going into the
Monday open.
>> No, that's right. I think there's sort
of two themes that our investors are
looking at this morning which are more
positive. Firstly, you've got this
chance of a Fed hike or cut rather in
December back on the table again. So
that's being that's being sort of
indicated. But then also the other thing
that came on on Friday was our Bloomberg
scoop which is that essentially as you
mentioned the the US administration
could allow Nvidia to sell H200 chips to
China. That's significant because
usually we talk about the H20 but the
H200 is a more advanced version. So,
these are both positive factors, but as
you said, there's a couple of different
levels. There's bare market for the
HStech. You've got that 50-day moving
average target in focus for a couple of
others. The 200 moving day average for
the China gauge. Macau casinos, we
actually could see some some strength
here because we've seen better visitor
arrivals in the latest numbers. Earnings
to watch. I mean, I think that Alibaba,
Mtoan, the big focus for this week, but
want China is the one to watch today.
And what one is actually one of the
largest rice cracker and flavored drink
manufacturers in the whole world. And
then as you mentioned those index
changes reactions as well.
>> Yeah. Process foods. There we go. Okay.
Um I don't mean that with any negative
connotation.
>> It kind of came across like it did.
>> No, I read an article about it over the
weekend which we can get to later.
>> 65% of people's diets.
>> No, the average person's diet in the US
is like 65% processed processed food.
Yeah. Yeah. We should pull back a little
bit from that from that statistic. That
is not to say of course underscores any
negativity just to be clear of course
ahead of want earnings.
>> Uh but yeah okay so two things there
right so we'll get to the Fed later on
with with with Paul Dobson of course
will be joining us right the put that's
coming in across these markets we're
better four tens of 1% but tell me the
Nvidia story in our scoop what do we
know exactly because this story keeps to
be changing on a week- toeek basis.
Yeah. Well, I just mentioned and I think
it's important to make that distinction.
Usually, we talk about the H20 because
that's the chip that has been designed
specifically and modified. Yeah. So,
these are both from the Hopper series.
Again, to make that distinction right
now, it's the Blackwell architecture
that's selling in the US and we're
scaling up or ramping up to Reuben
architecture. So, Hopper, you're a
couple of iterations behind. But H200 is
the chip that was designed for the
global market. It's got more compute
power, more bandwidth, higher memory
capacity. So, it's all overall just a
better functioning chip essentially.
Maybe the Trump administration could
look to allow Nvidia to sell those chips
into mainland China. It would be a big
win of course for Nvidia, big win for
China as well.
>> Yeah. And I think the Nvidia story to
your point right the results last week
really they underscored the fact that
the assumption for China is a zero
business currently. Anything on top of
that uh becomes a bonus. How do you
think this dubtales into the whole
bubble conversation? Is this something
that furthers that or is it something
completely almost
>> I think it's sort of adjacent because I
think the way we think about the AI
bubble conversation is this huge
infrastructure build out in the US and
then the impact that it's having on
memory chip prices for instance and
we're going to talk to Lenovo about that
for instance I think the China story is
is still going to be that big question
even if you relax these restrictions and
allow them to sell the H200 do you end
up in the same situation as the H20
where sales could restart but the
situation is that Beijing's telling its
mainland companies don't buy them, do
they do the same thing again?
>> Yeah. Okay. Even though if they can sell
it, it doesn't mean they will. And
there'll be willing buyers, of course.
Okay. Yeah. We'll get to the Nvidia
story in a moment, but yeah, the the
point Belle was making as well there is
because Lenovo's coming online and you
know, the whole conversation around
supply constraints and we don't seem to
have enough chips around the AI plate
and memory chip prices leading to cost,
margin pressure, and how they might be
able to weather that better than others.
We'll get to that, of course, with the
CFO in a moment there. Speaking of
earnings, uh, One China's coming out
today. Uh, we're almost done with
earning season. It's now the Fed that's
back in focus. In fact, we're now
looking at a 62% probability that the
Fed's going to cut in December. That's a
moving target, of course, but the data
does suggest that things might not be um
as rosy as once thought. Paul Dobson
with us, our executive editor for Asia
Markets in Singapore for us. Paul, uh,
looks like some solid footing for risk
assets going into the Monday session
here today.
early doors, but so far so good. I guess
David, uh, we did have a little bit of a
wobble in the first hour of trading
where Bitcoin took a little bit of a dip
and the Cosby went with it, but it's
come back up higher again. And I think
really the driver is that Fed bets.
Really interesting. you know, my stocks
colleagues telling me uh the the moment
that the Fed odds dropped below 50% a
couple of weeks back, that was really
the sort of uh starting gun for the down
leg that we saw in equities in the US
and globally as well. So, the fact that
there's now that hope again uh that the
Fed may cut interest rates in December
after all, that seems to be giving the
market a little bit more confidence. And
the thing is that Williams is important
because he's seen as quite close to
Jerome Pow in terms of use. So, if he's
saying he sees the scope for more cuts
in the short term, then maybe the Fed
governor is with him. And maybe if
that's the case, we're around about 66
uh in terms of votes on the FOMC uh for
a cut. Quite a lot of people have said
they wouldn't really favor it, but if
Powell is one of those six, then likely
he will be able to sway a few more into
that camp for another cut in December.
If not, then perhaps a dovish a dovish
meeting that says the store for more
moves in Q1. And so the market is taking
that as a little bit of reassurance.
>> Reassured. But to what extent I'm
wondering because if you take a look at
options markets for instance, they're
signaling a growing anxiety. And I I
think as well just generally when you've
got the market positioning this heavy,
is there any sort of temptation now just
to lock in the profits?
>> Well, there I I mean if you haven't
taken that temptation over the last
couple of weeks, what have you been up
to, B? because the market has been
showing that there's volatility there
and an opportunity to do that. On the
flip side, you know, I think there's a
very big split at the moment between
those that are saying, "No, we're going
to head for a deeper correction." We saw
some comments on that on Friday that
that were well read uh among among our
customers, but then at the same time,
you do have people thinking that this is
a dip and that there are going to be dip
buyers coming back in at some point. The
market typically does well at this time
of year, right? We usually have that
Santa rally. We haven't seen so much of
it so far. Um but there's so I guess
there's scope uh for us to go either way
from here depending a little bit on like
you said momentum and and positioning
and how much that starts to correct.
Bitcoin obviously has been having a
bearing somehow on the rest of markets
recently. So people are still nervously
watching what happens in the crypto
space. Um but also you know there's that
prospect especially if we firm up. Um
our conviction that the Fed will cut
after all that the market could continue
to push push higher from here.
>> Yeah. as you say, Bitcoin prices going
back down to that 86,000 level, but that
was Bloomberg's Paul Dobson there. And
let's shift tack now to another major
story this morning, and that's Japan
planning to deploy missiles to a
southern military base that's close to
Taiwan. It comes amid tensions between
both places. That's over comments Nay
Takiichi made about the island. Let's
bring in our China correspondent, Mim
Lo. So, I mean, Mim, it's it goes
without saying really that this is
something that is likely to provoke
quite a strong reaction from China. What
are we hearing? Yeah, definitely this is
something to watch out for what what
China would do but I suspect they might
respond with counter measures
potentially more military drills close
to Japan but this was the first trip by
the Japan's uh by the Japanese defense
minister to Yoga Yona to Yona which is
an island just east of uh Taiwan about
100 kilometers to the east and actually
on a clear day you can see Taiwan with
your naked eye so it's a very strategic
position and the Japan and defense
minister is saying that they are
planning to deploy missiles to this
area. Now we all know about Okinawa
which is the larger island further to
the east that hosts a US military base
and so far recently there has been a US
training that moves some of the supplies
from Yoki from Okinawa to Yonaguni. Uh
and of course this is something that
shows Japan's concern over uh you know
China's aggression its threats over
Taiwan in the region and it's also part
of Japan's military buildup along the
southern island chain. Now both parties
were at the G20 summit. Yeah. So did we
see anything from from that on on the
topic?
>> No. Takayichi was clearly sort of
keeping a distance from Premier Lee and
it was well telegraphed ahead of time as
well. We knew that China did not intend
to meet with Takayichi. Um Takaji
mentioned that this doesn't mean that
she's closing the door to dialogue. In
fact, Japan is calling for more
dialogue. This comes after China just
submitted a letter to the UN saying that
they are vowing to resolutely defend
themselves if Japan dares to intervene
militarily. And Japan is saying that all
the claims from China about Japan
changing its stance on Taiwan is all
completely baseless. So you're seeing
that war of words ratcheting up. uh the
J Chinese embassy in Japan as well
posted on X saying that it has
justification to defend itself without
needing approval from the UN citing this
World War II era clause the enemy states
clause uh under the UN charter that used
to apply to Germany and Japan. Uh but
Japan is saying that this is essentially
obsolete by this point.
>> Minman thank you minimal correspondent
there. Right. Uh just to tell you what's
ahead here on shows, we have a very big
interview coming up in a couple of
minutes. Of course, Lenovo CFO Winston
Chang will be joining us to talk about
the recent earnings beats. Uh there's a
very specific AI angle to them. They've
broken that apart as far as the revenue
goes. So really just a juxaposition
against the whole AI conversation that's
taking place. And yeah, who remembers
memory? Yeah, okay. Pun intended there.
All right, coming down to the open of
trade uh in greater China, Shanghai,
Shenzhen, and here in Hong Kong, 17
minutes away, futures are punching
higher. This is the China show. Good
morning,
>> Right. Lenovo Group posted better than
expected revenue for the September
quarter. The company says that was
thanks to its increased market share in
global PCs and robust demand for AI
servers. Let's bring in Winston Chung.
He's CFO of Lenovo. So Winston, thanks
very much for joining us in the studio
this morning. And I think we can get
started with sort of a big picture
question we're seeing in the market
right now, which is the concern we're
getting from a lot of companies around
memory chip prices. And then that's
something that could have a impact
across your different business
divisions. I know that as a company and
you spoke about this in the earnings
call about having a lot of those those
contracts in place already your your
supply contracts that are sort of
secured for for at least the the the
short to medium term and being a big
buyer as well but but what's the impact
that you see it having on your company
and when do you start see it having an
impact as well
>> yeah we've actually have a lot of
experience navigating through different
supply and demand dynamics of course uh
the co period being one and of course I
think also 10 years ago I think There's
also some shocks in the market. I think
in with respect to this current
environment, our revenue gains and our
market share gains have been very very
significant uh part of this because if
you recall back in June probably a lot
of people were talking about pull ahead
demand from the US especially with
respect to the tariffs and therefore
they were seeing a second half probably
slow down. Now we were really
questioning whether the market was right
and we were the one wrong but we
continue to see order load very strong
and you see that in terms of a September
quarter being very very strong and we
capture global market share the highest
ever 25.6% 6% right uh even higher on
the AIPC front on the 31% share so on
the back of those we have strong revenue
growth we've been engaging with the
suppliers so continue to buy and so I
think that's been very help helpful we
also saw memory prices going up and then
so for us we also been holding longer
weeks of inventory in terms of critical
components so I think that's also there
to position to fuel our growth going
forward as well
>> what what what financial assumptions are
you making going into next year whether
or not you've secured that inventory or
you locked in those futures prices on
memory chips and that that that key cost
component.
>> Yeah, I think the market is worried
about cost and therefore damage on the
margins, right?
>> But I think overall if you think about
the other dynamics which would be then
the supply. So those that have the
supply actually then would be able to
have a position in the market and I
think we we would actually say that
potentially there's margin opportunities
there as well in terms of both margin
opportunities but also share gain
opportunities.
>> So what does that stockpiling look like
though? You're talking how many more
weeks or or months are are you are you
keeping those those uh inventory levels?
I I would say that we're probably over
50% of our usual uh levels.
>> So yeah, so I think it's a significant
in terms of our weeks of inventory as it
relates to critical components
>> and what sort of pricing advantage do
you expect that to give you then like
what price did you lock in at and what's
again going back to assumptions where do
you think prices will trend?
>> Well the prices are going very very high
of course and I think it's been
unprecedented in terms of this rate
driven by the AI demand. So I think this
is probably going to be a longer trend
>> but I think overall in the next
certainly for the remaining of our
fiscal year which is another 6 months
away
>> plus we've got longer uh term contracts
uh also uh in place. So I think from
that perspective we feel quite
comfortable. Now in terms of the price
uh pricing dynamics I think currently
we're we're there to commit based on our
scale we can believe they're the best
price to the market right and also
benefit our consumers. So we continue to
commit to that and of course our channel
partners as well which are very
important uh for our business. So from
that perspective really reading and
making sure that we know what the end
market looks like
>> but also balancing that to make sure
that
>> we don't necessarily uh uh favor one
side or the other but strike that
balance overall in terms of our
commitment to our shareholders but also
our channel partners and our customers.
>> Right. the
it's it seems very clear from the
earnings call and also just your
comments now that and correct me if I'm
wrong that of any of your peers you're
probably in the best position to let's
say manage that upward increase in cost
pressures so the next six months this
fiscal year can I ask a direct question
are you raising prices or not raising
prices on the back of those cost what's
the plan
>> I think for for us we've been looking at
potentially depending on the channel
inventory levels Okay.
>> And other aspects we would then adjust
accordingly
>> for uh the near quarter uh in terms of
the fourth quarter uh of the current
calendar year.
>> Okay.
>> We're probably we're probably thinking
that uh it's still very strong in terms
of the market uh growth for us
>> uh relative to the rest of market. We've
been going very strong premium to
market. So from that perspective we we
can still lend our scale especially
coming to the holiday season. I think we
want to make sure that we make sure
everybody have a very good holiday
season to the products that they can
buy. So I think we would try to we will
try to maintain that price.
>> But going into 2026 you are planning
price hikes.
>> I think going on to it given that uh
overall the prices are going
significantly. I think we will have to
strike that balance uh going forward.
But I think again I mentioned it's a
between price and availability. So you
really have to strike that balance. So
those that have
>> uh the cost will be the cost in the
market right I think that's all but can
you get the supply at that cost I think
that's also another advantage and I
think we will be able to get that supply
for that cost
>> overall how does demand look for PCs
currently in the current quarter how you
tracking and looking at looking at next
year it's the peak of course
>> seasonality factor everyone wants a nice
Lenovo for for Christmas
>> that's right we've been growing very
we've been very growing very very strong
double digit um and so I think last
quarter was very very strong I mean the
June quarter
uh almost over 20%. Now we're at 15%,
the highest market share ever and really
balanced across the world. We can
continue to leverage that to drive our
growth going forward. We're seeing
probably in the December quarter also
continue to be very very strong quarter.
Yeah. For us, I think so overall I think
we feel very comfortable.
>> Yeah.
>> You spoke on the earnings call as well
about the Middle East uh manufacturing
base that you have. What's the
opportunity you see there, especially as
you've got, you know, the US approving
the the advanced chip sales as well?
>> Yeah, so I was just there in October and
it's just amazing. In February, I was
there to do the ground opening and
literally it's really a piece of desert
with no pipes, no water, no power. And
in October it was a full built plant
there already without the lines yet but
we'll put in the we're in the process of
putting the lines in right now for
production and we'll start the
production in terms of the test
production uh in December. So I think
from that perspective it's it's just
been amazing progress. Now you can see a
lot of the announcement that's been
coming out between the US and the Saudi
around AI and I think uh Saudi Arabia is
in a very strategic position to be able
to leverage lowcost power to drive AI uh
inferencing and training going forward
as well. So I think from that
perspective we're very much aligned to
the vision 2030. We have the largest
plant in the world that we have there in
terms of uh comprehensiveness. So we
have a desktop, PC, smartphones and
servers. no one plant outside of China
for us
>> uh do we produce all four and we're
doing that in Saudi Arabia. So we're
very committed to that market and we're
going to drive uh the AI commitment that
they have there in terms of
opportunities and and to capture that uh
that revenue opportunity as well which
previously were mostly around PCs for us
in the market and now we can have a
substantial opportunity hopefully to
grow our smartphone and of course our
server business as well. All right,
Winston. I think you also recently
disclosed AI specific revenues which I
want to ask you a few more questions
about if you don't mind staying a for
minutes. Of course, Winston Winston
Shanger, the CFO of Lenovo uh is
hopefully being able to stay uh on of
course to just continue the conversation
here. Uh just very quickly looking at
Hen Index uh and some of the the
currency right now 71079 we are punching
higher 1% on the Hen index. Uh we'll
take a short break. We'll be back. This
is the China show. All
right. Uh going into the Monday session.
I'm not ready for this week. I didn't
sleep well last night. Did you sleep
well? How did you sleep?
>> I slept okay, but uh yeah, I mean it was
okay. I'll leave it there.
>> Okay. If if we enter a bare market
today, which it doesn't look like we we
we will, that that that might give us
something to talk about. It maybe wake
me up a little bit. But as you can see,
the bulls are back today. Technicals
were we'll look at some of these things.
Of course, going into the open today,
we're we're better by 1 1.1%. Plus, of
course, there have been there were
changes to the indexes that were
announced, which we can get later
effective December 8th. Yeah, innovate
biologics is one of the big additions
and one of the big subtractions from the
China gauge is Heidi,
>> which I find an interesting one. But
also just to note, we've got a trading
debut and actually a good day if you're
if you're listing in Hong Kong because
we're seeing this stock here up around
40% in early trade. That's an aluminia
aluminina rather refining and aluminum
smelting company. All right, that's my
Australian accent. We say it differently
down under. But you are watching the
China show. We'll have the open next.
And this is Bloomberg.
Good morning. Welcome back. You're
watching the China show. 40 seconds to
the opening bell. Left side is the live
shot of Gujatu and then Hong Kong of
course and the silhouettes of the
mountain range and hopefully not a
mirror image of the stock chart in 6
months time. Uh we did hit a speed bump
last week on risk assets. Bitcoin had a
more than a bit of a wobble including in
the first hour trade this morning, but
it's looking like we are doing slightly
better on sentiment going into the open.
>> Yeah. Well, I think there's a couple of
things that our investors are looking
at. Firstly, it's that that odds of of a
Fed uh cut being back on the table for
December
>> Christmas gift from
>> Could be. Yeah, because we were thinking
that it wouldn't be possible at all, but
but now it's back to 60% odds after we
had some recent Fed commentaries. That's
one factor. The other factor was our
Bloomberg scoop that we had on Friday
talking about this possibility. Maybe
Washington allows Nvidia to start
selling H200 chips into the mainland
market. So these are both positive
factors that you see here for the
mainland uh markets coming online this
morning. Also sort of reversing as you
said we had that weakness into Friday.
We saw the golden dragon index doing a
bit better uh as as we came through that
Friday session with the Bloomberg news.
But let's shift on take a look at Hong
Kong in the open this morning because it
we're wrapping up earnings season. But
there's two big names we're watching
this week. You've got Alibaba and you've
got Maitan as well and they're going to
be very interesting to watch. Pardon?
>> I'm not ready.
>> You're not ready. Okay. got a couple of
days cuz actually Alibaba's first major
one is on Friday. But uh I mean the big
thing is the food price wars and also
quick commerce wars that you're seeing
really ate into to JD's bottom line and
probably will do the same for Alibaba
mtoan. But that's the focus there today
in the session. It's also the reactions
we get to the index changes. There's a
couple of ones that we're watching in
particular. So uh innovate biologics
being added to the hang hsci as well.
Leap motor to hangen tech. Heidi though
as we said has been removed from the
China gauge. So again just some of the
different movers that we're tracking and
we're continuing to watch Lenovo today
as well.
>> Yeah absolutely. In fact still with us
here on set for some final thoughts.
Winston Chang of course CEO CFO of of of
Lenovo. I left a horizontal uh line out
there. Winston thank you for for
sticking around. It's the first quarter
that the company has disclosed AI
specific revenues. like tell us tell us
why you did that and how do you figure
out what AI related revenues are?
>> Yeah, actually if you track Lenovo going
way back it happens that we have a
10-year uh cycle in terms of planning.
2005 we acquired uh PC business from IBM
and I think that went we went global.
2015 we acquired Motorola's smartphone
business and x86 which gives us
different uh product lines uh in terms
of the value proposition we have today
and that's enable us to capture the AI
opportunity 2025 we closed the
transaction with a lot and we have a
strategic partnership there but also
happens to be the AI decade so for us
we're calling this the AI decade and for
us both internally and also externally
internally deploying AI across the board
where today we are best-in-class in
terms of supply chain we actually have
our own AI agents to track and enable
our uh efficiency of our uh supply chain
and then from external perspective in
terms of that AI opportunity where we're
lever to AIPC smartphones and devices
side being very important uh channel for
AI deployment going forward and of
course to the director to consumer and
of course on the infrastructure side
even more so today with training and
later on with in the enterprise and SMB
with inferencing. So, we're well
positioned with within our ISG business
and our SSG business to deliver that to
the market.
>> You mentioned this is the AI decade. So,
I feel like I I know maybe the direction
you'll take this question, but the AI
bubble, I mean, we've spoken about
rising component costs and maybe that's
sort of one of the the impacts or the
effects of of an AI bubble, but but
what's what's the sort of trajectory for
it over the coming months? The end
demand is very very solid. But if you
look at the server market which has
already grown several times in the last
10 years and if you look at the top six
hyperscalers today really having a next
six years spending I think something
like $3 trillion those are backed by
various fundamental demands and training
right so I think that is very very
fundamental. the next wave of what they
call the uh Neocloud service provider
the NCPs today I think is funded by
private market but those that have
strong offtake right in terms of the
revenue uh that's already there in place
as they're raising the funding we're
very very comfortable to do business
with respect to this group and also a
lot of other groups that that are coming
onto the market so we're really looking
closely to enable our business to be
able to capture this opportunity but I
think a lot of the bubble could be
potentially in terms of the runup on the
valuation side, but the fundamentals of
the industry, I think is a long-term
trend.
>> That that that's helpful to know that on
the ground, you know, where the rubber
meets the road, it doesn't seem to be uh
permeating as much. Winston, thank you
so much for the time. Have a great week
ahead. Hi tier team for us, please.
Winston Chang, CFO of Lenovo. Let's
bring in Helen Drew, managing partner
and CIO of NF Trinity, is here with us
on set as well to just help us set up
for the markets week. Why don't we start
off there? this AI bubble, this debate,
you can make a case on the bare side,
you can make a case on the bull side.
Which side are you on?
>> Well, I think the main concern is really
on two fronts. One is the private sector
uh private market valuations which has
gotten quite large in the recent, you
know, few quarters. Uh I think there
there's no real debate. Everybody
realizes that whether you're look at
looking at late uh stage growth
investing or even more recently early
stage investing, the valuations have
gone to quite high levels. So that is
one concern uh to set aside. Obviously,
there is some correlation between
private market and public market
valuations, but actually if you look at
most of the public market stocks, you
know, the multiples are not crazy.
They're not like internet bubble type of
levels or anything like that. Assuming
that they can deliver the type of growth
that people are expecting after one or
two years sustainably, then on a PEG
basis, they still actually look okay.
So, the key question then is can they
deliver that growth that's currently
forecast by the market. Now in the
recent period there has actually been
upward revisions in terms of capex
spending and the pace of investment into
the space. So actually most of the
ecosystem supply chain has gotten upward
revisions. Now the question is looking
forward is it going to be uh flat versus
expectations or maybe slower versus
already very high expectations. And
that's the second bubble that people are
worried about which is this capex bubble
right now. I think for most of the
hyperscalers there's a huge land grab.
Everybody realizes the longer term
potential is immense and therefore even
if the AI application ROI in the near
term is still not so clear. People are
very much willing to spend you know
aggressively in the next one to two
years. But I think the reason why there
has been a little bit of a pullback
recently is because the market has this
new concern which is wait even if
everybody wants to spend very
aggressively are we going to run into
supply side bottlenecks like for example
is there a power problem? Is there a
labor problem installing the power or
installing these data centers? uh
corewave reported results and pushed
back their capex plan by one or two
quarters because they said that there is
data center shell supply side issues. So
that's something that people are worried
about. You know it's going to happen but
will the pace actually be slower versus
previous expectations and if there is a
meaningful slowdown in terms of um the
pace of capex and I do think the market
is kind of set for a little bit of a
consolidation given how much it's
already gone up on this AI theme.
>> How much then is that sort of concern?
Because I think that post Nvidia
earnings last week, it does seem like
it's been a little bit soothed at least
those sort of more like topline fears
like let alone digging into more of
those depreciation costs and that other
issues that you just mentioned there.
But it seems like the focus is more on
the Fed. So how much longer do we do we
stick with that? The Fed issue is
definitely the second thing that's been
weighing down on the market. Right. So
there was very high expectation about a
number of rate cuts especially given
kind of like the changes in the Fed that
are upcoming etc. But more recently, it
seems like the administration's concern
has expanded further as well to the
inflation that US consumers are starting
to feel, right? Um or has been have been
feeling for quite some time. So, it's
very much a K-shaped consumer population
in the US where the rich and those who
are benefiting from the increase in
property prices and uh stock markets are
spending more aggressively as in you
know, luxury and so on, travel, etc. But
then the mid to low end, the vast
majority of the voting population is
actually getting hit pretty hard and now
getting hit even harder because of the
import tariffs coming from um you know
what's been implemented in the middle of
this year. So I think the administration
is getting you know more aware of this
and more sensitive to it going into the
midterm election next year and therefore
some of the dialogue has been well you
know if the data isn't that bad so far
and inflationary pressures are still
around do we actually push back some of
those rate cuts? Um, but that said, I do
think that uh there's likely to be
another rate cut in December. Uh, maybe
there will be a little bit of a pause in
the beginning of next year, but then the
new chairman comes in in the second
quarter and we're probably going to see
more and more strain in terms of the u
uh payroll numbers as well because
basically, you know, there's um quite a
lot of impact from AI related
productivity gains already and so we're
already starting to hear about reduced
uh demand for coding uh talent in both
US and China. I think that will start to
intensify uh as uh part of the dialogue
next year and that's probably going to
put more pressure in terms of uh um
overall employment concerns.
>> The market seems to your point very
sensitive to even the daily changes in
pricing around around the Fed and what
swaps are telling us. Do you think the
markets are at such extreme levels that
we need the Fed to cut interest rates
for this bull market to continue into
next year? Um it's more of a sentiment
uh indicator and an indicator of the
attitude of the Fed overall. It's not
just about whether the rate cut is a
quarter earlier or a quarter later etc.
It's also about the indication towards
whether for example the sessation of QT
is eventually going to lead into QE and
how willing the Fed is to kind of uh uh
put a put on the overall market and
economy slide. It's also about where the
terminal rate is going to end. Right now
people are forecasting two-handle by the
end of 2026. A couple weeks ago it was
still, you know, back to three handle
etc. So I think it's not necessarily
just that one rate cut. It's really more
about the indication of monetary policy
in the coming period.
>> Chinese stocks, how do they behave next
year? Do they behave as part of a
broader equity cohorts or do you think
that's uh that's almost a natural hedge?
Something that's not correlated to the
broader the broader trade going into
2026?
>> I would say probably stable next year.
You know, this year Chinese equities
have had a tremendous uh bounce despite
the fact that the trade war has gotten
worse and despite the fact that we've
actually had uh meaningful deceleration
in terms of actual macroeconomic
indicators in terms of you know
investment in particular exports have
been a little bit strained and
consumption has really decelerated
versus previous expectations as well. Um
but there is more uh household savings
that are moving into the equity market
as the government had wanted and there
is meaningful support especially for the
large caps in the index which are the
dividend yielding stocks uh which you
know are still yielding four to 5% in
the Asare market which is much higher
versus what you can get from a bank
these days. So I do think that puts a
bit of a floor in terms of the downside
risk for the overall market. But in
order for things to move up more
meaningfully you do need to see a couple
things. One, you need to see consumer
sentiment stabilize, which basically I
think is going to be partially dependent
on the property market and pricing
stabilizing, which is still, you know,
elusive to some extent. And secondly,
some kind of positive news on the trade
front. Now, maybe the Supreme Court and
the US will challenge the Trump tariffs
more. If so, that would definitely be
positive for sentiment towards China or
some kind of uh incremental uh progress
with Europe and the rest of the world.
that gives people more confidence that
Chinese exports can be more resilient
despite all of the issues with the US. I
think those would be the elements that
we have to watch out for.
>> All right, Helen, thank you very much
for joining us this morning. That was
Helen J there, managing partner and CIO
of NF Trinity. And just as we've been
speaking here, there has been some
breaking news crossing the terminal. Uh
it is a leadership change goto. This is
a large Indonesian internet platform
company, but essentially they've
announced a succession plan or some
changes here. So appointing a new CEO to
replace the outgoing Patrick Wujo. So uh
this is a shift that that's just been
announced this morning. I'm not going to
tie it to this, but I will say there has
been some reporting including from
Bloomberg on this. We had a scoop
recently saying that there has been a
push by some of Goto's backers in like
SoftBank for instance, Provident Capital
Partners that had been looking to
replace the CEO. So it uh certainly
could be a dramatic twist. There are
talks about an acquisition by grabb as
well but that's just some background not
necessarily linking to this which is
leadership changes at goto.
>> Yeah. Okay. Uh more on this the more
details as as they come through
certainly big news on many many fronts
on different aspects really interwoven
uh in terms of the themes there. Right.
Uh just ahead the US says it is making
progress on a peace plan with Ukraine.
The details about those talks in Geneva.
Just ahead, this is Bloomberg.
Well, the US Secretary of State Marco
Rubio says President Trump's proposed
deadline to secure Ukraine support for a
USbacked peace plan by Thursday is not
set in stone. Rubio's comments come
after US and Ukrainian officials met on
Sunday in Geneva and as Trump pressures
Keefe for a deal.
>> It is probably the most productive day
we have had on this issue
maybe in the entirety of our engagement
but certainly in a very long time but
work remains and and because this
continues to be uh a working process um
you know the the I don't want to declare
victory or finality.
Let's bring in our senior editor Balos
Pence is with us to help us understand
the details here. So, how close are we
then?
>> It's hard to say, but it certainly looks
like they are making some sort of
progress. The secretary of state saying
that they're willing to move the
deadline, the president's the November
27th deadline around suggests that they
feel like they can move forward, that
there's some progress being made. And
both sides signal that they are happier
with what happened in Geneva than
previously. The Ukrainians also signaled
that some of their issues, some of the
important issues for them have made it
into a revised proposal, revised
framework. So, as the secretary of state
said, there's a lot of work still
remains to be done, but it does seem
like there is some progress being made.
>> What are the sort of sticking points and
what is the work that that needs to be
done? I mean, this seems to have really
taken Ukraine by surprise. Do they even
have enough time to prepare really?
Yeah, our reporting shows that the
original proposal, the 28 point proposal
that the president rolled out was mostly
the result of work between the US and
Russia. So, the Ukrainians were a bit on
in the dark on that. There are certain
things in that that it's hard to see
Ukraine accept. Uh this includes giving
up some territory that Russia has never
been able to conquer. That was part of
that. Uh they want reassurances on their
security going forward after a peace
agreement. uh there there are uh certain
uh certain points that need to be worked
out in terms of how any ceasefire or
sessation of hostilities might work. So
there's a lot of work that still needs
to be done, but it looks like the sides
are at least engaged. Uh the US is
engaging Ukraine on this one. So there's
a chance that they can get some of their
points across.
>> Yeah. And as we have in that scoop, uh,
you've also got reporting around
European officials racing as well to to
offer a counter proposal and try and buy
Ukraine a bit more time on this front.
But that was our senior editor there,
Balash Pens, joining us. And to some
other stories that we're following
around the world this morning. Well,
Israel says it's killed Hezbollah's
military chief and a rare air strike on
Beirut. That's almost that's an almost
year old ceasefire deal with the
Lebanese government that's wavering now.
So, the IDF says the attack killed
Hezblah's chief of general staff. That's
the militant group's second in command.
According to Lebanon's health ministry,
the strike left five people dead and 28
others injured.
Severe flooding across central Vietnam
has killed 90 people and left 12 others
missing. Vietnam's Ministry of
Agriculture and Environment says more
than 1,100 homes were damaged and at
least 80,000 hectares of rice and crops
destroyed. Early estimates put the total
economic damage at about $340 million.
We'll have plenty more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
To keep pushing the frontier, we need to
build these type new types of AI
infrastructure hardware at scale. And
I'm excited for that to happen in the US
and with Foxcon. Foxcon's experience
building complex infrastructure and
hardware at massive scale makes them the
ideal partner for this and I'm looking
forward to exploring together what this
can look like.
We'll share insight into emerging
hardware needs across the AI industry
and Foxcon will use that to design and
prototype new equipment that can be
manufactured in America.
That was Sam Alman speaking at Honitech
day in Taipei. And of course, this was a
a day where it was really the big
announcement was this was this
partnership we're seeing between OpenAI
and Foxcom because these companies have
worked together indirectly. They're now
going to be joining forces directly and
to work on on the sort of hardware
that's needed to build out these AI data
centers. So, we had a really great
conversation with Chairman Yonglu from
from Voxcon or Honghai talking about the
scale of this partnership. He's saying
that they're looking to spend up to $5
billion. I was very curious to
understand what's the actual opportunity
you see. He wouldn't comment in terms of
financial ones because he was also not
wanting to contribute to these concerns
around AI bubble fears and and fiscal
spending. But I did really push him on
on on the compute power and how much
capacity they'd be looking to add. But
take a listen.
>> A gigawatt per week will be the goal.
>> Okay. One gawatt per week.
>> One per week. That will be S's goal. But
we can start with 1 gawatt per month.
>> So you think you can add 1 gawatt per
month next year?
>> Starting next the second half of the
year.
>> Second half of the year. So you think
you can add 6 gaw next year?
>> I'm not sure. It really depends on our
start and our new way of doing things.
It takes time but eventually we we're
going to get there. Let's talk about
then this this opportunity in the US
because as you said part of this is
about making America it is very
ambitious.
What's the the capex that you need to
also dedicate to the states?
>> The cap cape wise it's in maybe 1 to 5
billion to start with to build the
factories to build R&D centers but to
build
uh the working capital required to build
data center
>> that's totally different that requires
huge amount of money. Yeah.
>> And with that we are going to work with
Saw Bank.
>> What are the biggest challenges with
with scaling up in the US?
>> Shortage of labor.
>> As I mentioned to you, it's not the
labor cost. There's a shortage of labor.
>> Short of labor.
>> How do you get around that? What are the
conversations like and then what are the
biggest shortfalls that you see? Yeah,
we had to work closely with uh schools
and the government which we were very
familiar when we you know build uh
factories uh all over the world. We had
to work with local agencies or local
government to get their people ready for
the kind of a job that we require.
>> Got to go. That was the Fox Con chair in
Taipei on Friday with There we go. All
right. Um just very brief look at
markets. We're doing well across risk
asset generally speaking. We'll get into
the minutia a bit later on, but just in
terms of the stock movers across the
greater Chinese market. So we're looking
at some of the chip plays. This might be
down to Nvidia. Again, when I say again,
the the notion that the Chinese market
is a market that is feasible to get into
and of course the opposite effect as far
as the reaction in the markets across
the Chinese names are concerned. Casinos
10.8% I believe was the pickup as far as
the data goes really helping things
along. There we go. Visitor arrivals for
October. We're better by about let's
call it one and a half% splitting the
difference between the four on your
screens. And very very quickly have a
look at where we are as far as the
Chinese dashboard. the Chinese dashboard
is concerned and we are looking at some
decent gains there. Um you know what uh
since we have a bit of time in fact I
want to ask my producers if you guys
could if the Hen China index chart is
ready there because I want to show our
viewers the the moving average that's in
focus today following the week that we
had last week and I think the reason
that should be quite relevant today is
there is a technical aspect to the
bounce we're seeing today. you know, we
cut through some moving averages like a
knife through butter and the 200 day
moving average on the hingen China index
specifically is coming up on your
screens that might be a level of support
to watch. It's also just happens to be
the low of the August 28th session which
did see quite a big drop as a level and
it does seem like we're bouncing off
that level as we speak going into going
into the thick of this week.
>> Yeah, great level to be watching here
and and a great one to point out because
Helen J was just with us sharing her her
outlook for for China stocks going into
next year. Yeah, she was. And you know
what was interesting about the
correlations in the last few weeks that
you know when we are getting an sort of
a rally across global markets, China
tends to
not play along in terms of correlations.
When things are on a downdraft,
correlation snap back together, which I
think is the point that asset allocators
are trying to figure out. Is it one or
the other? Plenty more ahead. Suffice to
say, this is the China show.
Welcome back to the China show. Taking a
look at the hang half an hour into the
session and we came into the day and we
were wondering would there be any chance
of of us going back to that bare market
territory for for the hang tech but
we're really lifting off that. So it's
sort of I mean we had that already
indicated in the golden dragon index on
Friday but seems like there's some
optimism maybe not for the chip stocks
in China but there is optimism around
maybe reproach more slightly between the
US and China in terms of Nvidia chip
sales plus you're adding the Fed into
the conversation.
Yes. And I think that was really what I
think when you look at how the price
action and the charts on Friday played
out in the US session, it was quite
clear once we you know the consumer
confidence well the consumer uh the
consumer oriented data to be more
specific around the US consumer and how
the change the complexity the the the
the appearance of risk assets and that
bounce we saw and then you had Bitcoin
coming through and then you had this
gain across US treasuries underscore
scores that you know on most weeks
recently the Fed did not matter as far
as the macro picture was concerned. It
was geopolitics and earnings but it's
really come back in a big way that
markets are really watching for as far
as pricing goes and yes it was really
the the comeback of the Fed put that is
perhaps leading to why we're seeing this
one today bill. Yeah, that's right. I
think you're you're really getting it
indicated there in those more tech heavy
gauges. The Cosby, Taiwan as well, the
the outperformers in the session. Japan
is shot of course another tech heavy
index. But again, a pretty strong start
to the week here as we also look to to
to wrap up earning season. I think
what's really notable though and what's
been interesting to watch is is Bitcoin
and and the sort of bearing and and the
price action we're seeing there even
over the weekend.
>> Yes. Yes. You know what? And it's really
been a a decent leading indicator for
risk assets, right? The fact that we did
I mean the fact that it it's phrased
this way is quite still funny to me.
Can't get my head wrapped around it that
we are rallying into 86,000 and we were
81,000 of course was a a line of
descent. You at one point I thought
80,000 was about to go and then of
course we had this turnaround in risk
ass risk appetite and this is where we
are as far as that's concerned. So we
are getting a bounce across US assets
today. Now just taking a step back right
amidst this seeming wobble in risk
assets uh Jeton Martin Adams who was
with us of course at Bloomberg she's now
with HBL chief market strategist there
put this out in fact on LinkedIn at
least this is where I saw it over the
weekend this note that when you look at
say the moving averages that's still
very much pointing to the upside. The
longerterm equity bull market remains
intact. But short term, most if not all
the technical indicators as far as
momentum goes are pointing to a
deepening in the correction over the
short term because we haven't quite
squeezed out and we aren't back all the
way to oversold territory. So when you
look at two things MACD and of course
RSI is what Gene is pointing out to what
we've done is we've put this on a chart
for you to actually have a look at that
and the gap between so just to point out
uh the what color is that coming at us
as purple pink between pink there we go
thank you so much Bill uh the gap
between 41 and the uh and the green line
which is of course oversold territory
and us flipping into negative as far as
the other momentum gauge is concerned
does point to more room on the downside
amidst of course this this as you can
see this is a bull market that takes you
all the way back to 2020 so far as the
chart goes yeah just in other words just
watch the technicals as perhaps a
trading uh a trading indicator here
given where we are so far and
expectations over the next few days or
so bel
>> yeah I think there's there's the
technicals and then there's also just
the earnings picture as well because
we're at the tail end of the reporting
season in China but you do still have
some big names on deck this week so
coming up we've got W one today in in
Hong Kong but also across the week. I
think two of the big ones to watch are
Alibaba and Mateto. Uh that's of course
the story around the the food price
delivery wars. You're seeing Pony AI and
Weride. They're going to be really
interesting to watch as well given you
have both of those companies recently
listing again in Hong Kong. But of
course the they're already listed in on
the NASDAQ as well. Uh Lee Auto, NEO, I
mean just some of those more of those uh
auto stocks to go plus Win Macau. You
had those better visitor numbers in
Macau. Chhattai Fuk is going to be a
very interesting one to watch given that
runup you've seen in gold prices and
this has been an unloved stock for or
had been an unloved stock for a long
time. But as Asia does near the end of
the reporting season, Bloomberg
Intelligence sees earnings across
Asia-Pacific ex Japan coming in better
than expected. So pushing profits to
around the highest levels since the end
of the GFC.
>> Yeah, that really comes amid this. I
think it's almost in a daily basis. We
keep drumming up these concerns over you
know valuations and multiples that have
weighed on understatement tech stocks
globally. Uh for more on the story,
let's bring in Marvin Chen, our
Bloomberg intelligence equity and
strategist here, of course, to help us
understand the So, I think it's
important Marvin, by the way, nice to
see you. Good morning. The uh it's
important to distinguish, right, when
people talk about a tech bubble, it's
usually not all the case. It's usually
the the bag seven in in the US, but how
does that
notion and narrative permeate into the
Chinese tech space? Yeah, I mean
obviously there's going to be some
knock-on effect for China, but it, you
know, if we're talking about a valuation
bubble or AI bubble. I mean, China
valuations are, you know, uh, for the
big tech stocks are trading at roughly
20 25 to 50% discount to the max 7 and
overall Chinese uh, uh, equity
valuations after the recent decline are
just hovering about average. So, you
know, really we don't see a a valuation
bubble in China and and you know,
Chinese stocks are just less frothy than
US peers.
>> So, then the the market activity we've
seen recently because it has been of
course very volatile, but people have
been talking about a healthy correction.
We were talking about bare market levels
as well. What's your anticipation?
>> Yeah, if we look at our chi uh China, we
have a China sentiment indicator. It's
currently trading at around balance. So
you know it hasn't fallen into panic uh
that we saw in you know 2022 2024. So
this suggests that the recent correction
is still healthy and sentiment hasn't
reached uh extreme levels yet. Um it is
interesting to note that our indicator
did hit exuberance over the summer which
is typically associated with uh negative
forward returns. So this recent loss in
momentum is uh not that surprising uh
based on our indicator.
>> So how are we set up for 2026?
>> Yeah. So I mean this year you know the
China rally has been a valuationdriven
rally. Uh China has been seeing uh you
know earnings downgrades uh as price
levels uh risen this year. So you know
next year will really be about uh
earnings recovery um and those companies
that can deliver growth. Um the good
news is that uh China tech is expected
to see an inflection in 2026 based on
consensus. uh earnings is expected uh
growth is expected to accelerate to you
know uh double digits uh next year and
you know the recent supply side reform
uh uh anti-involution should help kind
of lift the profitability of the old
economy sectors as well.
Taking a look at shares of goto this
morning in Indonesia. is the internet
services company over in Indonesia. But
but essentially there has been a
leadership reshuffle this morning. So
they've named a new CEO uh to replace
Patrick Wujo. So that move is expected
to speed the takeover of the company by
grabb. This is something that we've been
reporting on. We had scoops on this at
Bloomberg. So you're seeing that stock
just marginally higher here. So the COO
Hansspur will be taking the helm from
Patrick Walujo. of the company putting
that out in a statement though that does
actually require uh shareholder
approval.
>> Yeah. Okay. So that I guess would be the
gap between the current situation and
whether or not it actually becomes
eventual uh reality uh from this
specific stock. One other thing we're
tracking right now is his trading debut
here today as you can see industries if
in Australian does what?
>> No, I mean I just said aluminium.
It's a word that really continues to
trip me up. Okay,
>> because I have to remember aluminum.
>> Yes, with an M. No, that that's not of
course
>> there's an I that's missing. Anyway,
there's an eye.
>> It's a good day for a listing in Hong
Kong and and certainly a better market
sentiment as well given that you have
had
>> of course a string of listings recently
that haven't performed quite as
strongly. We ride and Pony AI stand out,
but of course very different uh
industries as well.
>> Yeah. Uh we are on watch just speaking
of generally speaking, it's been a
fantastic year. Uh we are in watch for
more forest game here in Hong Kong
including the uh JD.com supply chain
tech units on your screens Jindong
Industrial see Watson's uh you have
consumer pharmaceuticals for example
there look at some of the upcoming names
and by the way if you don't believe us
just look at the HKX website which has I
think a lot of public information around
just the amount
uh of of of stuff that's been filed and
likely in the pipeline uh assuming of
course an asteroid doesn't hit Earth
that's going to come online of course
going into going into next year. Joining
us for more on what this year has been
and what the outlook is for 2026. Here
on sets is Ivy who head of Equity
Capital Markets or ECM for APAC at UBS.
Good morning. Nice to see you.
>> Good morning.
>> How much sleep have you gotten this
year? How busy have has you have have
you and your team?
>> Yeah, it's a it's a crazy year. I mean
like especially in Hong Kong market um
>> the IPO market is number one ranked
globally. So think about how many stuff
we have and not only IPOs on the
followons this year alone is more than
last three years combined
>> and then converts it sets a record year
for Hong Kong stock exchange. So every
product um in the equity capital markets
has been booming this year and crazy
year for the whole teams and the street.
>> Does it continue then into 2026?
>> The momentum is not showing any signs of
stopping. Usually as we goes towards the
end of the year things were stopped a
little lower slower down a little bit
but then if you look at last week we
also priced at 1.5 billion hungcha
placement and and that was very well uh
welcomed by the investors as well and
then moving into 2026 you see already
more than 300 companies publicly filed
for its Hong Kong IPOs. Just to give you
a comparison, this year there were 85
companies priced and then three 300
companies on the pipeline and then we
have a lot of companies already in the
preparation phase for their January
accelerate product offerings as well.
>> Okay. What what type of conversations
are you having currently with the ones
and you don't have to go into details
because some of this is confidential
anyway about to hit the market but
>> what are do people have concerns over
valuation? Are you still confident you
can price things at the top end at the
range and still have a good day
>> the first day? What is that like
recently?
>> It also depends on how you set the range
>> but
>> yes well that's part of your job too,
right?
>> Yeah, it's part of our job. But then for
sure the market sentiment and momentum
is there. And if you look at the
valuation for the region, it's still not
high compared with historical levels for
MCI's China. And if you compare MSCI
China with the global the world index,
it's still at a discount. Mhm.
>> So the valuation by itself is not very
high per se and also I think the foreign
investor positioning is still light
relative to what we see in 2020 and
2021. So I think so long as we price the
things sensibly on the good mark after
market and everything will continue.
>> What's the pipeline though because a lot
of it has been sort of a to deals some
also coming back from the US. So what
are what's the breakdown going to look
like? No, exactly. I think for this year
it was dominated by A2, US back to Hong
Kong spin-offs, right? So these are all
things on the back of existing listed
companies.
>> For really brand new company listings,
there are not so many. There are only
three companies more than 500 buck that
are brand new listings in Hong Kong. But
then moving into next year, we do expect
to see pickup activities in that. Of
course, we will see continuous
homecoming A2 spin-offs, but then for
the brand new IPOs, especially the
sizable ones, we do see a lot of them in
the pipeline already. So, it's going to
be even more diversified and balanced
into 2026.
>> In what specific sectors do you think
we'll get the brand new ones next year?
>> Um, I think the TMT, consumer, and um
industrials are the important themes for
this year. That's going to cons
continue. Okay. and including for the
brand new ones out of these sectors.
>> Yeah.
>> What's sort of uh also the the the
conversation like with companies because
there's there's some for instance we're
hearing I mean Pony AI and we ride it
was very competitive and ended up
listing on the same day. There's ZAI
Miniax that both want to list and again
like there's a bit of a race. What's the
sort of pressure and the conversations
like with some of these companies
particularly in the tech space? Yeah, I
think um um for a lot of these companies
um so long as they get the right
approvals in process um in place, they
just want to get the process rolling and
get things done as soon as possible.
They don't have to be worried about the
demand and investor interest. So there
is no particular reason for them to wait
as well.
>> So I think it's just that everyone is
trying to grab the market window
whenever it is there. So yeah,
>> speaking of let me just borrow that last
thing you mentioned. grab this window of
opportunity.
>> Yourself and many of your peers of
course have had tremendous business.
What are what's the outlook for fees?
>> We've seen a lot of pressure on that
recently.
>> You mean in terms of fee percentage or
in
>> that's open-ended. Yeah. What's the
what's the outlook in terms of the
commercial side for the banks here? Is
there a lot of activity? There's a lot
of activity, but there's been a lot of
competition too.
>> It's a lot of competition. a lot of
activity but I think that um for sure
that the large volumes helps on the fee
general when it comes to the fee rate
yes I think uh for some of the for some
of the product types uh it's a lower
rate rate um u in general for for the A2
or homecoming for example because but
>> technically these are also like listings
for already listed companies but then I
think that for the more normal like new
listings the normal fullons and converts
I think the is at the normal level
versus the historical.
>> That's good context.
>> Yeah. So, I think I'm sure that the
street is uh having a better year
>> for this year for sure much better
versus
>> people are probably counting your
bonuses already ahead of the March
announcement, but we can talk about
that.
>> I feel like bonus conversations
on this.
>> Someone's wondering
then I guess going back to that around
the feeds. Do you think that you're
going to see even better numbers then
next year if you do have more of those
original listings as opposed to A to H?
>> Yes, I I think on the back of more
listings and more like new listings and
also continued strong momentum for
followons and converts.
>> I hope that next year is going to be
even better year than this year. At
least the momentum is not stopping yet,
>> right? What's your outlook from your
conversations on the ground with clients
on the outlook for the ashare market?
the Asia market
>> Asia market in listings there because
we've seen to your point A to H
>> but in in the Asia market see people
seem to have ignored the market for now
>> well I think uh for the Asia listings
it's also driven by regulatory approvals
um etc right and then I think in if you
look at the secondary market actually
people have not ignored that market as
well there are continued foreign inflows
into the Asian market and actually as a
house view we value both Asia and Hong
Kong um stocks equally going into next
year of course This year we see that
there is a meaningful diminishing of the
gap between A2. I think this is on the
back of a lot of foreign attentions back
into China, Hong Kong and then the
valuation gap for A2 has been beginning
the year has been quite big. So it has
been narrowing but then into 2026 we do
see that investors continue to be
focused on the region that includes both
A and H. But that said of course a lot
of the quality companies in A will
continue to come to H. And for those
already had a H listing, they will
probably do their full on insurance or
converse in Hong Kong line like what SF
did this year, right?
>> Yeah, did that too. Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> What's the hold up then on some of the
ones for the mainland because I think
Uni for instance is a name that stands
out. That's one of the most promising
humanoid robotics companies and and
there's a lot of investor interest in
this one as well. You've even got a
report out from city saying that
humanoid robots will see exponential
growth in the next 12 months. But how
come there's sort of delay because this
is a listing we've been talking about
for for several months now.
>> Yeah, I think it's uh probably market
has so much of an expans expectation and
attentions. They are going through their
own um process just like there are
companies in Hong Kong that are going
through their own process as well. So
let's continue to monitor and see when
it comes out.
>> Yeah.
>> Before I ask you about the rest of the
region, just what's the risk to all this
momentum?
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> In Hong Kong next year, I I can't People
keep talking about obviously that there
are a lot of bullish reasons to remain
bullish, but is there a risk in your
view that you think we should be
cognizant of?
>> Yeah, because um I think a lot of
favorable factors this year um including
the geopolit geopolitical outcome was
better than we originally feared. Um
there is advancement in innovation,
accommodative policies, I think both
monetary and fiscal these are all
supported factors. But these factors are
they going to lift up the valuation to
the same extent next year as this year?
Probably not. So I think a lot of the
stock performance is going to be driven
also by the earnings and growth, the
fundamentals of the companies in the
region uh on the back of the supportive
uh physical policies and the monetary
policies etc.
>> Uh the liquidity conditions too, right?
>> Yeah, exactly. Uh we just came from
Singapore last week and the only reason
I bring that up is we were speaking with
the SGX CEO last week and they've also
had a decent year relatively speaking of
course to the past few years. What
what's what what what's your outlook for
the rest of the region outside of
outside of Hong Kong? Is there a market
that stands out to you?
>> Yeah, I think uh firstly Hong Kong is
going to be continue the driver of the
region. Okay. And then
>> still dominant you think next year by
the pip looking at the pipeline
>> still the main driver. Yeah, India is
going to remain active. They have a long
list of IPO backlog as well and they
they have been doing well last year and
this year as well. I think career market
probably will see increased activity on
the back of corporate reforms as well as
um their um exposure um to the AI
related capex cycle and also Taiwan
we're going to see a head start in
January because they have announced a
bunch of uh tech related CBS as well.
>> Yeah. So I I think quite a few of the
regions in the broader APEC region is
going to continue to see meaningful
activities into next year.
>> Okay. Um looks like you're going to be
busy
>> maybe hiring.
>> We'll see.
>> Yeah,
>> we didn't Oh, unfortunately we're out of
time to get into that question. Uh I Ivy
Hoo is now head of equity capital
markets for APAC at uh UBS. We're about
51 52 minutes into the cash market
session. Hangen index 1.3 1 and 7 on the
Hen tech Asia market let's call it
rangebounds plenty more ahead this is
the China
Welcome back. You're watching the China
Show. Let's talk about today's big take.
Interesting one. Some of China's local
government financing vehicles, LGFVs,
are well, said to have sold $3 billion
of bonds in Hong Kong by offering
returns that can actually be double the
official interest rate listed. That's
according to some investors and bankers
that we spoke with the headline on your
screens. For more on this, John Leo is
with us automating to talk about this
tactic. John, good morning and thanks
for coming on the show. H tell us how
does this work effectively?
>> So the way it works is uh many of the or
some of these local government financing
vehicles when they they go to market
they need to uh borrow money uh their
their revenues their cash flow is is uh
wobbly. it's weak. They need to offer
relatively high rates to be able to get
investors on board. They're they're at
the same time though worried about
publicly offering 16% uh yield on a bond
because they're worried that means in
the future they're going to have to pay
similarly high yields to be able to get
uh to borrow from the bond market again.
So the workaround is they will sell a
bond uh at an 8% coupon but then they
will uh pay the investors either as a
consulting fee or they will pay the bank
a consulting fee and the bank will re uh
rechan that money to the investor so
that at the end of the day the investor
is making 16 sometimes more uh percent
yield on on that bond.
So this is a practice that's been
sanctioned and and companies as well
have been fined that are being caught on
the act. Bond investors have been asked
to return the additional payouts. I mean
how exactly is this continuing to
flourish?
So uh regulators have caught on to this
uh practice on the mainland so onshore
uh and they have cracked down as you
said uh uh the the companies that have
been doing this have been sanctioned uh
the additional money they've paid out to
investors have been uh clawed back uh
but because of this action by the
Chinese regulators onshore a lot of this
is starting to move offshore and that's
why we're starting to see uh an uptick
in this in Hong Kong where uh Chinese
regulators don't have the reach and
where uh this has been done sort of on
the side uh you know if an investor
wants to partake in one of these deals
it's really they have to know the right
person and so uh we expect uh as this
becomes more clear there will be more
regulatory action in
>> John thank you John there in Beijing
Right, welcome back. All right, some
news on Alibaba. Uh yeah, uh we have a
number now. It's relaunched. Uh 10
million in the first week and the market
is actually reacting to this
information. How long it lasts, I'm not
that's not to pour cold water on this,
but there we are getting a an initial
reaction across the markets on price.
I'll show you volumes in a moment, but
4% higher on Alibaba. You look at the
benchmark, the HSN tech index actually
is rising on the back of this and we're
also getting a spread through as far as
market breath is concerned. So, it's not
just this specific stock. We're trading
at 154 right now. Now, speaking of
volumes, coming up on your screens, um
just a look at the Bloomberg terminal
just to show you and illustrate this
massive pick up in volumes is the white
line that you see for this time of the
day. So effectively what you're looking
at here is once the news dropped that
spike in volumes now puts us on track
for about 140 million shares traded for
the day. And as you can see as we
started out the day without this
information it was a plain vanilla sort
of session. We did get a bounce back of
course in price and that suddenly spiked
in the last few which does show of
course a lot of buying taking place
given the information that we have right
now. We'll get you more on this once we
have a better understanding but market
is reacting bell and reacting quite
positively to uh this this this news
line coming through. Yeah, I think it's
really interesting that sort of
justosition you have or or that question
mark. What is sort of fundamental
technological change that you're seeing
in that sort of widespread adoption and
what is sort of more concerns around the
the the bubble side and the financial
valuations and are those looking
stretched? But our next guest is Diddia
Sonet of the Southern University of
Science and Technology and he's
developed the so-called log periodic
power law singularity model. So the
whole idea here is looking at different
phenomena but looking at signs of
whether we're seeing any sort of bubble
market activity. So he joins us this
morning out of Shenzhen. Professor,
thanks very much for taking the time to
speak with us and I think we can get
started with with that general question
especially in the markets right now.
There's so much focus on on the amount
of spending the the level of the
infrastructure buildout, the demand that
we see. Do you see any signs of of
bubble market activity right now?
So not so much in China. Uh in the rest
of the world of course uh we see that in
intentional monetary market in uh blue
chips in AI obviously Cisco in some uh
indices like IBEX in Alphabet uh in cryp
crypto negative bubbles.
>> Okay. So, so help us understand okay why
do we start with crypto u specifically
when you say negative bubble clearly
it's I would imagine somewhat depressed
and and and deflated if you will uh if
you could give us more specifics
professor what what what does tell you
and whether or not there are signs that
we might see some reflation or inflation
of of crypto moving forward.
>> Yes. So a negative bubble is exactly
essentially look at a positive bubble
which is this price acceleration this
super exponential explosion. A negative
bubble you just flip the axis down and
it is essentially reflecting an
exuberance in the in the negative spirit
you know um a fear and when we say a
negative bubble it mean that we expect a
rebound. uh typically for Cardano, for
Bitcoin, we see that there has been a
sell off which has been accelerating and
we see a likely rebound in the coming
weeks.
>> Okay, professor, maybe let's take a half
half a step back and I'm just curious
what goes into
the model, you know, what major
assumptions go into that as you plug
that in and my understanding is
fundamentals are not part of that. if
you could also talk about why they're
not part of your model.
>> Yes. Um, as you know, fundamentals are
extremely hard to quantify.
In principle, a bubble is an excess
above a fundable value. But you know,
famous telling says that if you know the
fundamental value by a factor of two,
you're happy. So it means it's
essentially not use useful. So um our
model uses the idea that exuberance is
characterized by what I call super
exponential. You know everything in
finance is exponential growing which
means compounding interest proportional
growth and so on. It's a norm. But when
the rate of return grows itself this is
super exponential. So when by the way
when you hear people say it's a bubble
the price is growing exponentially they
don't know what they are speaking about
because everything is exponential. It
mean just a law of profit growth
compounding interest and so on. So we
are detecting the specific signatures of
exuberant. It could be actually rational
rational for example when you hedge risk
with option derivatives you could get
this positive feedback. The key word is
positive feedback. The larger the price
growth, the more there's demand which is
quite surprising but fear of missing out
and many other mechanism actually give
rise to this transient explosion which
occur at many different time scales. And
in addition in the LPPLS model there is
this idea of a hierarchy of fear and
exuberance. Fear and exuberance you know
there's this famous telling in Wall
Street that the markets climb a wall of
worry. That's actually what we are
detecting in this super exponential
growth.
>> So you mentioned about the the the model
indicating we're going to see recovery
in prices in the next few weeks. What is
the level that you're you're looking at?
>> So we are not looking at levels as
thresholds. We are more looking at the
let's say what we our models do is to
quantify a window where the probability
of the change regime. We don't predict
crashes. We don't predict really levels.
We predict times when the ongoing regime
is not sustainable and will lead to
could be a crash, could be a high
volatility uh plateau. uh this is what
we are looking at. Uh trying to figure
out the precise time and the precise
level is out of scope is not possible in
our opinion. But actually identifying a
window of predictability where you have
this channel regime is what you can do
and it's very important for risk
management. You can you know of course
allocate completely differently your
portfolio, hedge your risk with
derivatives or uh take short position
this kind of thing.
So, professor, I never thought I'd have
the opportunity to bring up the second
law of thermodynamics here on Wilber
television. So, I'm alluding to disorder
and entropy here. But to your point
right what the model I think predicts if
my understanding is correct it if if we
are near or either at past that
threshold of instability or disorder in
price and I wonder what your model tells
you about the specific group of very
large tech stocks in the US and whether
or not we are close if not already in
that period of of this order.
>> Um it's a very good question. It's not
related to SEO dynamics really, but you
you your question is intelligently
intelligently pointing out the the fact
that okay my view it allows me to tell
you what is my view of the market. The
market are most of the time not
predictable. They're highdimensional,
extremely stoastic with all these
influences coming in. But during certain
pockets, I call them pockets of
predictability.
this as if there's a kind of
condensation
um of opinion of views hering if you
like imitation
um many processes social imitation and
so on that collapse the dimension of the
system into a much uh clear dynamics
uh what I call a pocket of
predictability. So indeed the financial
bubbles when they are close to the end
they become readable they can they
become more predictable and right now
you're asking me what is going on
there's not much going on in China in
the rest of the world of course we see
uh a number of bubbles but not as bad
and systemic as a few years ago.
>> I'm looking at your notes and I can see
you've written dragon kings. Can you
give some more insights on on what you
mean by that exactly?
>> Yeah. So this is a reaction to the
concept of black swan of my friend Nasim
Taleb. I consider many of people in
China in Hong Kong know what is a black
swan. This is the popular view that
there are events which extreme event
that are unknown unknown you know
popularized by Ranford the treasury
secretary of defense during the Gulf War
actually it was put forward by President
Knight in 1930 the fact that there are
events that you cannot even know or even
imagine that could occur. I consider
this concept very dangerous and wrong
because all crisis are knowable and can
be understood in advance. And the black
and the dragon king essentially is the
incarnation of this idea that extreme
events, large crisis in all domains.
Could be an earthquake, could be a
landslide, could be a revolution, social
crisis, a financial crash, etc. The
collapse of a bridge are extreme events
that are different from the others. the
king effect the fact that the king owns
a big part of the wealth of the country
is outside the normal distribution of
all the rest of the citizens and the
dragon emphasized the fact that there's
there are special amplifying mechanism
that give rise to the dragon king and uh
I thank you for asking this question
because the key idea of the dragon king
is because this large event this crasher
this sh regime reflect maturation toward
instability and result from amplifying
special mechanism that what gives them
some predictability to make them
different from the other events. To just
give an example, most of the time the
crashes are maybe minus 40%, - 50%, -
30% over 1 month, 2 months, 3 months.
Um, this is what I do care about as
investor. I don't care about the plus or
minus 3% a day that could occur that is
discussed often by commentators and they
occur through trenchent correlations of
negative minus minus a little plus minus
minus minus plus plus minus etc. And
this is what our techniques are
capturing. And this reflecting indeed
this progressive evolution to a phase of
instability, this reduction of
dimensionality that uh you were
eliciting with with your analogy with
thermodynamics and this amplifying
mechanic mechanism that give rise to
this predictability of dragon kings,
these great crashes that we are
interested in
>> and you know the ability to identify the
the canaries in the coal miner to to
borrow you're phrasing the identified
the precursor to to these events. Uh let
let me just phrase the question quite
simply given a lot of this is still
Greek to me really the what is the
possible trigger that you think causes
the the most amount of widespread pain
to most asset managers out there? What
what is the one risk that you think we
should be paying attention to or or or
or the precursors to that risk?
>> Yes. So there are many risk at all time
scale and so on. But um the way I see
the problem is I take the example of
this pen. I hope you can see the pen on
my so this pen on my finger is unstable.
Why is it falling? Why is it crashing?
Two cause two instabilities. One of
course is the fact that maybe I am you
know moving my finger. I'm trembling. I
have some kind of Parkinson disease. I
have not of course but um it could be a
whim of her you know push something some
proximate cause. This is what you're
commenting on your TV plateau all the
time, right? Oh, the the chairman of the
Federal Reserve said this and that.
Trump opened his door and then issued a
statement, etc. These are the proximate
cause that are not actually telling the
whole story. The funable story is the
funable cause which combine the
proximate cause. The final cause is the
maturation towards an instability
through this positive feedback procical
phenomena. And so when you so to to be
sure to answer your question what should
we look at and what are the cause you
should like uh you should look at the
large mechanism the important mechanism
that give rise to positive feedback that
leads to this maturation towards
instability. And when the system becomes
fragile, we becomes more susceptible
almost anything can tip off the the pen
and make the system collapse. So this is
by the way why pandits and and
commentators have such a hard time to
understand why crisis and crashes happen
because their their nose is on the
windscreen. They are just focusing on
the last statement of this and that
person the last geop geopical
development. why they should look
together with the underlying uh illness
or know it's it's like one you take a
person you know why do you fall ill uh
you have the proximate cause because
you've got a cold because you had um you
were subjected to some microbes
something like this a more funable cause
is your immune system has weakened over
the years your age for example or you
have been you know being exposed to a
lot of stress and so on bad food, bad um
way of life and so on. So everything is
evolving through this combination of
endogenous maturation, the deep causes
that go up and down the financial market
and this proximate cause that are
hitting the system continuously as
little exogenous stressors.
>> Professor, thank you so much. I to be
honest I probably understood 15% of
that. Um, I I I'll blame my evolutionary
inheritance of not not being a smart ape
at this point, but thank you so much for
helping enlighten us on the topic there.
Uh, more to come certainly in this uh
DDA SET there, chair professor at the
Southern University of Science and
Technology. It's too early for that type
of conversation. We're still reeling.
Um,
maybe a step or two down in terms of the
intelligence scale, but not in terms of
the significance of this. And that's not
of course the poor cold water on the
interview that we did with the Lenovo
CFO Winston Chang, their latest
assaults, the output for AI and the
strategy ahead. Plenty more ahead. This
is the China show.
All right, Lenovo says surging AI demand
is pushing prices higher, but CFO
Winston Chung told us the company has
enough inventory to keep cost steady
through the holiday season. It was a
great interview we had earlier, and here
is some of it to to listen back to.
>> Yeah, we've actually have a lot of
experience navigating through different
supply and demand dynamics. of course uh
the covid period being one and of course
I think also 10 years ago I think
there's also some shocks in the market I
think in with respect to this current
environment our revenue gains and our
market share gains have been very very
significant uh part of this because if
you recall back in June probably a lot
of people were talking about pull ahead
demand from the US especially with
respect to the tariffs and therefore
they were seeing a second half probably
slow down now we were really questioning
whether the market was right and we were
the one wrong but you continue to see
order load very strong and you see that
in terms of a September quarter being
very very strong then we capture global
market share the highest ever 25.6% 6%
right uh even higher on the AIPC front
on the 31% share so on the back of those
re strong revenue growth we've been
engaging with the suppliers so continue
to buy and so I think that's been very
help helpful we also saw memory prices
going up and then so for us we also been
holding longer weeks of inventory in
terms of critical components so I think
that's also there to position to fuel
our growth going forward as well
>> what financial assumptions are you
making going into next year whether or
not you've secured that inventory Are
you locked in those futures prices on
memory chips and that that that key cost
component?
>> Yeah, I think the market is worried
about cost and therefore damage on the
margins, right?
>> But I think overall if you think about
the other dynamics which would be then
the supply. So those that have the
supply
>> actually then would be able to have a
position in the market and I think we we
would actually say that potentially
there's margin opportunities there as
well.
>> So what does that stockpiling look like
though? Are you talking how many more
weeks or or months are are you are you
keeping those those uh inventory levels?
>> I I would say that we're probably over
50% of our usual uh levels.
>> So yeah, so I think it's a significant
in terms of our weeks of inventory as it
relates to critical components.
>> And what sort of pricing advantage do
you expect that to give you then? Like
what price did you lock in at? And
what's again going back to assumptions,
where do you think prices will trend?
Well, the prices have going very very
high of course and I think it's been
unprecedented in terms of this rate
driven by the AI demand. So I think this
is probably going to be a longer trend
but I think overall in the next
certainly for the remaining of our
fiscal year which is another 6 months
away
>> plus we've got longer uh term contracts
uh also uh in place. So I think from
that perspective we feel quite
comfortable. Now in terms of the price
uh pricing dynamics I think currently
we're we're there to commit based on our
scale we can believe the the best price
to the market right and also benefit our
customers.
>> It seems very clear from the earnings
call and also just your comments now
that and correct me if I'm wrong that of
any of your peers you're probably in the
best position to let's say manage that
upward increase in cost pressures. So
the next six months, this fiscal year,
can I ask a direct question? Are you
raising prices or not raising prices on
the back of those cost? What's the plan
>> for us? We've been looking at
potentially depending on the channel
inventory levels. Okay.
>> And other aspects, we would then adjust
accordingly
>> for uh the near quarter uh in terms of
the fourth quarter uh of the current
calendar year.
>> Okay.
>> We're probably we're probably thinking
that uh it's still very strong in terms
of the market uh growth for us. uh
relative to the rest of the market,
we've been going very strong premium to
market. So from that perspective, we we
can still lend our scale especially
coming to the holiday season, I think we
want to make sure that we make sure
everybody have a very good holiday
season to the products that they can
buy. So I think we will try to we will
try to maintain that price.
>> But going into 2026, you are planning
price hikes. I think going on to it
given that uh overall the prices are
going significantly I think we will have
to strike that balance uh going forward
but I think again I mentioned it's a
between price and availability
>> that was the Lenovo CFO talking about
this um unprecedented AI squeeze when it
comes to cost components of course and
chips and what that might do not so much
to them but maybe some of the their
cohorts in the industry they are well
positioned based on that stockpiling of
inventory do catch that interview on TV
go for Bloomberg clients check that out
there's also a story out on the
interview itself also on your terminal
plhead this is Bloomberg
Welcome back and some of the corporate
stories that we're tracking this
morning. Well, China City Civic Bank has
secured government approval to open a
financial asset investment company.
According to an exchange filing, the new
entity will have $1.4 billion in
capital. It's going to focus on debt to
equity swaps and equity investments in
strategic emerging industries.
Billionaire hedge fund manager Bill Aman
is reportedly getting ready to seek an
IPO for Persing Square next year. The
Financial Times says Aman is speaking
with advisers and has informed investors
or some investors that a listing may
come as soon as the first quarter. The
Wall Street Journal also reported Aman
may list a new investment fund at the
same time in a unique that would be very
unique double IPO.
>> Ah okay, double the fund hopefully. Uh
before we go uh just a look at some
stock movers uh in the region here going
into what the last hour of the morning
session in Hong Kong. Alibaba of course
uh 5% now should be session highs uh 10
million downloads in the first week. So
investors are getting some numbers to
chew on here as it pertains in a bubble
and whether or not showing up as far as
tangible business performance metrics
are concerned. Uh the China pork stocks
are on the up. uh some stronger
regulation around controlling capacity
as it pertains to hog production. We're
looking at moves of course to the upside
of many of the food related stocks in
play and some of the defense stocks in
focus coming up on your screens as well
uh very shortly. There we go on the back
of this escalation partial escalation as
far as the Japan story is concerned
moving some missile systems into a base
nearer uh Taiwan there. But as you can
see, market is reacting uh across some
of these names here as well.
>> Yeah. And you can see that the hang is
is essentially reversing those losses we
had into the end of last week. It's 1.5%
higher. There's that optimism maybe
around sales of of H200 into the
mainland market that sort of lifted
markets broadly. But then also this
optimism around the Fed is a cut on the
way in December.